Glossary
========
[glossary]

Association Constraint::
	An association constraint is used to connect an association type with its roles to topic types, namely players.

Association Type::
	An association type is a specialized topic type. Only instances of an association type should be used to type an association.

Bundle::
	A bundle or plug-in is a component of an eclipse application.

Cardinality::
	The cardinality specifies the amount of usage of an element. _CardMin_ defines how often the
	element must occur at least. _CardMax_ defines the maximum occurrence of the element.

Constraint::
	A constraint is a topic which represents a definition of a specific topic type. The topic name constraint for instance is used to
	define, that a topic has names of a specific type. The topic constraint may have some occurrences, which specify additional 
	restrictions, for instance the cardinality.

Content Assist::
	For some text fields _Onotoa_ will provide proposals based on the characters already entered. The proposals are shown in a list
	under the text field. You can select one by using the up and down arrow keys. If some information of the proposal exists, it
	will be shown in another window on the right of the list. To select a proposal press enter. The whole process is called content assist.

Diagram::
	A diagram is a view of the Topic Maps schema. It consists of graphical representation of schema elements
	and connects them if they have a relationship, e.g. the supertype-subtype relationship.

Diagram Element::
	A diagram element is any element which is part of the diagram. Basically a diagram element is the visualization of a schema element. 
	
Domain Diagram::
	A Domain Diagram is an abstract view of the Topic Maps schema. It consists of graphical representations of schema elements
	and connects them if they have a relationship, e.g. the "Kind of" relationship, but in a more abstract way than the normal diagram. 
	Some informations, e.g. cardinalities, aren´t displayed in this diagram type. 

Feature::
	A feature bundles a set of plug-ins. Additionally it contains meta information, such as  the licence model or copyright information.
	
Model::
	The set of schema and diagram elements is called the model.

Model View::
	The Model View shows all elements of the Topic Maps schema in a tree viewer. It also
	lists the diagrams. 
	
Name Constraint::
	A topic may have a number of names of different types. By using name constraints the number of names and their type
	may be specified for a topic type. All instances of that topic type need to fulfill this constraint.

Name Type::
	A name type is a specialized topic type. Only instances of a name type should be used to type a name.
	
Node::
	A node is an element in the tree of the *Model View*. It has a label, mostly the name of the
	schema element it represents and may have child elements.

Occurrence Constraint::
	A topic may have a number of occurrences of different types. By using occurrence constraints the number of occurrences and their type
	may be specified for a topic type. All instances of that topic type need to fulfill this constraint.

Occurrence Type::
	An occurrence type is a specialized topic type. Only instances of an occurrence type should be used to type an occurrence.
	
Palette::
	The palette provides the functionality of the editor. It contains a set of tools to create new elements.
	
Perspective::
	A perspective defines what views are shown in eclipse and where they are located.

Property Details View::
	The Property Details View contains property pages for every element of an schema and provides input masks to change their 
	properties.

Schema Element::
	A schema element is an element in the schema like a topic or role type, or any constraint added to the schema element.

Role Constraint::
	A role constraint specifies, which role type and cardinality belongs to an association type. This means any association of that type must
	have a number of roles within the range specified in the constraints cardinality. 	

Role Type::
	A role type is a specialized topic type. Only instances of a role type should be used as roles of association.
	
Subject Identifier Constraint::
	The subject identifier constraints specifies the number of identifiers a topic type may have. It also has a property which defines the 
	syntax of the identifier with a regular expression.
	
Subject Locator Constraint::
	The subject locator constraints specifies the number of locators a topic type may have. It also has a property which defines the 
	syntax of the locator with a regular expression.

TMCL::
	The Topic Maps Constraint Language is the specification of the schema language for Topic Maps. See http://www.isotopicmaps.org/tmcl for
	more information.
		
TMDM::
	The Topic Maps Data Model is the specification of the standard Topic Maps. See http://www.isotopicmaps.org/sam/sam-model/ for
	more information.
	
		
Topic Maps Schema::
	A Topic Maps Schema is a description of the form of a topic map. It consists of topic type and 
	constraints.
	
Topic Maps Schema Element::
	Topic Maps schema element is simply a part of the schema. This may be any constraint or topic type (and its specializations).

Topic Role Constraint::
	A topic role constraint specifies which topic type is the player of an association of a specific association type. It also specifies
	which role it plays. This constraint also specifies the number of players playing the role.  
	
Topic Type::
	A topic type is a topic which is used in a type-instance relationship. Types are defined in a Topic Maps schema
	and the instances are created in the topic map.
	
Update Site::
	An update site is a web page containing eclipse features.  Features can be installed via the install dialogue of _Onotoa_. 
	If a new version of an installed feature is available on an 
	update site, _Onotoa_ will realizes and offer an update.